1) Tell me about yourself.
2) Why did you leave your last job?
3) what do you know about our company?
4) why do you want to work for us?
5) What’s a New Software or Technology You Recently Worked With and How Did You Come to Learn It?
6) Tell Me About a Work Product You Delivered That You’re Particularly Proud Of.
7) Can You Provide an Example of a Challenging Coworker Relationship? 
8) What skills do you think you have that may be useful for the position?
9) Why should we hire you?
10) What are your salary requirements?

1) 
//Agus
i am currently in my third year  of studying System analyst. I have a big passion for 
problem-solving and during my time  as a student, i have arned  experience in  many 
programming  languages and have worked on projects.

//Mati
I have just graduated as a System Analist. I know my way around a team and  
had multiple opportunities to put my knowledge into practice as a programmer, system developer
and data analyst. I am passionate, hard-working, and extremely responsible.  
I am also looking forward to put into practice all the things I have learned during my time at 
university.

2) I left my job because I wanted to start my career and the schedules were not compatible.

3) I have a good impression of your company because your proyects and contributions are well-known 
in the industry.



4) 
//agus
Because I like the company's passion for creating attractive software, and 
I would like to have the opportunity to join your team.

//Mati
Because I admire the company’s passion for creating super intuitive and attractive software, and 
I would appreciate the opportunity to be a part of your team.

5) 
//Agus
recently, I have been working on the development of an ERP System, and I learned new technologies  
related to accounting and software delepment planning.

//Mati
Recently, I have started to work with a web technology called React. I believe it will speed up my development process.

6) 

//agus
Last Year, i was requested the development of a custom system that would let 
clients make orders form the mobile application, and send notification to 
the owner to approve them, Analysed the processes and requirements, 
and was able to deliver a product.

//mati
 Last year, I was requested the development of a custom system that would let
clients make orders from the web, and send notifications to the owner to approve them.
I efficently analysed the processes and requirements, and was able to deliver a 
quality product while accomplishing all deadlines.

7) I had a coworker in my last job that didn't seem to work well with me. We had our 
differences from time to time, but I always handled them professionally and never 
let them scale to the level of influencing our tasks.

8) I can bring dedication and a drive to succeed in this company, and strive to do 
 my absolute best for the company I work for. 

9) 
//Agus
i should be hired for this role because of my relevant skills and passion for the industry

//Mati
I should be hired for this role because of my relevant skills, experience, 
and passion for the industry. I did research about the company and I trust I can add value to its growth.

10) With my experience, skills, and certifications, I would expect to receive something
 in the range of 40 to 45 dollars per hour.
